#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
aiohttp==3.7.4.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   discord.py
alembic==1.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-migrate
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
black==21.9b0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cachelib==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-oauthlib
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   rq
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   matplotlib
discord-ext-typed-commands==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
discord.py==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   discord-ext-typed-commands
    #   discord.py-stubs
discord.py-stubs==1.7.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
docker==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
flask==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-caching==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
flask-limiter==1.4
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
flask-oauthlib==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-migrate
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   kubernetes
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   alembic
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   alembic
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.10.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask
jsonschema==4.1.2
    # via jsonschema-typed-v2
jsonschema-typed-v2==0.8.0
    # via kubernetes-typed
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   matplotlib
kubernetes==19.15.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
kubernetes-typed==18.20.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
limits==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-limiter
mako==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==0.910
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   discord.py-stubs
    #   jsonschema-typed-v2
    #   kubernetes-typed
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   kubernetes-typed
    #   mypy
numpy==1.21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.0
    # via pytest
pandas==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
pandas-stubs==1.2.0.35
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
parse==1.19.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   matplotlib
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
pyparsing==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   kubernetes
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.19.1
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
python-magic==0.4.18
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   kubernetes
    #   kubernetes-typed
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   rq
regex==2021.10.8
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
rq==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask-limiter
    #   google-auth
    #   kubernetes
    #   limits
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-json
sqlalchemy==1.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-json
sqlalchemy-json==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements/common.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pep517
types-python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-pyyaml==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-redis==3.5.15
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-requests==2.25.11
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-setuptools==57.4.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-tabulate==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
types-toml==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   black
    #   discord.py-stubs
    #   mypy
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/common.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
